.TH CAIRO-DOCK 1 "Apr. 10, 2011"

.SH NAME
cairo\-dock \- A dock to launch your programs easily.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B cairo\-dock
[options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Cairo\-Dock
is a pretty, light and convenient interface to your desktop,
able to replace advantageously your system panel!
.PP
It features 
.B multi-docks, taskbar, launchers
and a lot of useful
.B applets.
.br
.B Applets
can be detached from the dock to act as desktop
.B widgets.
.br
Numerous ready\-to\-use
.B themes
are downloadable in 1 click, and can be easily customized at your convenience.
.br
It can use 
.B hardware acceleration
(OpenGL) to be very fast and low on CPU.
.PP
It's recommended to install the PLUG\-INS package (
.B cairo\-dock\-plug\-ins
) to have access to more views, dialogues and many plug\-ins and applets.
.PP
Some
.B screenshots
are available :
.br
        http://pics.glx\-dock.org
.PP
.B Development site:
.br
        https://launchpad.net/cairo\-dock

.SH OPTIONS
You can launch
.B Cairo\-Dock
with several options :
.br
(Note : you can use these options in one block. For example : cairo\-dock\ \-oia )
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-cairo
Force Cairo backend. Use this option if you have issue with the OpenGL mode.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-opengl
Force OpenGL backend. Cairo\-Dock with OpenGL/Hardware acceleration.
.TP
.B \-O, \-\-indirect\-opengl
Use OpenGL backend with indirect rendering. There are very few case where this option should be used.
.TP
.B \-A, \-\-ask\-backend
Ask again on startup which backend to use.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-log [option]
Log verbosity (options : debug, message, warning, critical, error \- default is 'warning').
.br
For example : cairo\-dock \-l debug
.TP
.B \-F, \-\-colors
Force to display some output messages with colors even if these messages are not displayed into a tty.
.TP
.B \-w, \-\-wait
Wait for N seconds before starting. This is useful if you notice some problems when the dock starts with the session.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-keep\-above
Force to keep the dock above other windows whatever.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-no\-sticky
Don't make the dock appear on all desktops.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-env
Force the dock to consider this environment (gnome, xfce, etc.) \- it may crash
the dock if not set properly.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-dir
Force the dock to load the configuration in this directory  (default is ~/.config/cairo\-dock).
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-maintenance
Allow to edit the config before the dock is started and show the config panel
on startup.
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-exclude
Exclude a given plug-in from activating (it is still loaded though).
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-safe\-mode
Don't load any plug\-ins and show the theme manager on startup.
.TP
.B \-W, \-\-metacity\-workaround
Work around some bugs in Metacity Window\-Manager (invisible dialogs or sub\-docks)
.TP
.B \-M, \-\-modules\-dir
Ask the dock to load additional modules contained in this directory
(though it is unsafe for your dock to load unofficial modules).
.TP
.B \-T, \-\-testing
For debugging purpose only. The crash manager will not be started to hunt down the bugs.
.TP
.B \-E, \-\-easter\-eggs
For debugging purpose only. Some hidden and still unstable options will be activated.
.TP
.B \-S, \-\-server
Address of a server containing additional themes. This will overwrite the default server address.
.TP
.B \-k, \-\-locked
Lock the dock so that any modification is impossible for users.

.SH OTHER
Some other options with an output in the terminal :
.TP 10
.B \-v, \-\-version
Print version and quit.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show the help and quit.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-capuccino
Cairo\-Dock makes anything, including coffee !

.SH FILES
.TP 10
.B ~/.config/cairo\-dock/
Your config files are saved in this repertory. You can use '\-d' option to change it.
.TP
.B /usr/share/cairo\-dock/
Data files for Cairo-Dock.
.TP
.B /usr/lib/cairo\-dock/
Binary files for Cairo\-Dock and its plug\-ins.

.SH AUTHOR
Most of the
.B Cairo\-Dock
project was written by 
.B Fabrice Rey
(fabounet) <fabounet@glx-dock.org>.
.PP
The
.B Cairo\-Dock Team
is currently formed by
.B Fabounet
(Fabrice Rey) and
.B Matttbe
(Matthieu Baerts).
.br
With the help of
.B Eduardo Mucelli
for our third-party applets.
.PP
Thanks to our former developers:
.B Mav
(Yann Sladek),
.B Tofe
(Christophe Chapuis),
.B Nochka85
(Yann Dulieu),
.B ChanGFu
(Rémy Robertson),
.B Paradoxxx\ Zero
(Florian Mounier),
.B Necropotame
(Adrien Pilleboue),
.B Rom1
(Romain Perol),
.B Ctaf
,
.B Augur
and
.B SQP
as well as numerous beta testers and contributors:
lylambda, taiebot65, Franksuse64, ppmt, etc.
see the 'About' menu in the dock and this web page.
.br
        http://glx\-dock.org/userlist_messages.php
.PP
Don't hesitate to contribute to this project ;)
.br
Please have a look at this wiki page:
.br
        http://glx\-dock.org/ww_page.php?p=How%20to%20help%20us
.PP
This manual page was started by Julien Lavergne <julien.lavergne@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.br
Updated by Matthieu Baerts (matttbe) <matttbe@gmail.com>.

.SH BUGS
Your bug is maybe a
.B recurrent problem
(black background, window at startup (use \-c or \-o),
problem with OpenGL, etc.). Please go to:
.br
        http://www.glx\-dock.org/ww_page.php?p=Recurrents%20problems
.PP
For any other bugs, you can post them on Cairo\-Dock forum:
.br
        http://forum.glx\-dock.org
.br
or on Launchpad
.br
        https://bugs.launchpad.net/cairo\-dock

.SH WEBSITE
<
.B http://glx-dock.org
>
